[docs] #159, #171, #179: Update config sections (#213)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/configure/peer-configuration.md

Read more about [genesis blocks](./genesis.md) and
[public key cryptography](./keys.md).

> Besides the public and private keys for genesis account, which are the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aside from the public and private keys for the genesis account, which are
```

required configuration options, you can also fine-tune other genesis block
configurations, such as:

- `WAIT_FOR_PEERS_RETRY_COUNT_LIMIT`: the number of attempts to connect to
  peers before genesis block is submitted
- `WAIT_FOR_PEERS_RETRY_PERIOD_MS`: how long to wait before retrying

>   connecting to peers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a connection to peers
```
